it was the day before the really big car
race and Maxim mechanic was getting
ready today
I'm max the mechanic and I'm getting
ready for today's big test run
I'm Maxim mechanic I'll fix you just
ride with a grin on your grill the
sparkle in your headlight a buff your
bumper
make it shine but I Hawk in your heart
having motor running fine and Max's
garage to be fixed it's time compared
with a father little need with a smile
so all the racing cars came in for a
final checkup
I'm excited get a speedy hey max hey
buggy are you guys ready you bet okay
you know what I think I should check
your tire pressure first okay speedy yep
you seem pretty good um buggy I think
you need a little bit more Shh ah
beautiful
and how about you Zephie mm mm ah
pretty good huh so have you got petrol
check
um how about oil jack right well I think
we're ready for the test Rock right
cos start your engines
don't cos go on the first lap in the
practice run it's be out in front
oh and buddy's nipping at our wheels
followed by that be close behind
my wheels are playing up come into the
pit stop speedy Oh speedy what seems to
be the problem
Oh my wheels are tired and so Oh looks
like you've done a lot of laps on these
wheels already ah look at that you need
a wheel alignment as well no I did a lot
of practicing laughs my oh really
oh now that's a bit risky you know you
got to have a bit of a rest before you
big race day tomorrow okay now he done
ah thank you so much for doing this Mac
that's awesome not a problem well kiss
the other guys coming quickly and now
it's buggy in front oh no buggy seems to
be struggling
the problem buggy I'm I'm so thirsty
Monda nilly out of water did you have a
drink before the race today buggy oh I
forgot you need to keep your water
levels up buggy
yikes it looks like Zaffis going in for
a pit stop - OH
I need your help okay let me have a look
look your Springs are all tied they need
to be bendy and flexible I forgot to do
my stretches before the race
don't worry I'll fix it but look guys
you need to recharge and relax before
the big race tomorrow Janek well
business and the next day they were all
ready for the big race yay go ready set
go
I'm mashing mechanical fix you just ride
with a grin on really make it shine
Max is garage fix cats out here with a
problem to be ha
and it's an amazing photo finish all
cars cross the line together
thanks to Oh shucks guys as I always say
come in with a problem and leave we
smile